UI clarifications in CF deployment guide (#2287)
cap-js/docs: guides/deployment/to-cf.md

### 3. MTA-Based Deployment { #add-mta-yaml}

We'll be using the [Cloud MTA Build Tool](https://sap.github.io/cloud-mta-build-tool/) to execute the deployment. The modules and services are configured in an _mta.yaml_ deployment descriptor:

```sh
cds add mta
```

[Learn more about MTA-based deployment.](https://help.sap.com/products/BTP/65de2977205c403bbc107264b8eccf4b/d04fc0e2ad894545aebfd7126384307c.html?locale=en-US){.learn-more}

### 4. User Interfaces { #add-ui }

#### Option A: SAP Cloud Portal

> If you intend to deploy **multi-tenant** applications with a UI, we recommend to set up the [HTML5 Application Repository](https://discovery-center.cloud.sap/serviceCatalog/html5-application-repository-service) in combination with the [SAP Cloud Portal service](https://discovery-center.cloud.sap/serviceCatalog/cloud-portal-service):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to deploy **multitenant** applications with a UI, we recommend to set up the [HTML5 Application Repository](https://discovery-center.cloud.sap/serviceCatalog/html5-application-repository-service) in combination with the [SAP Cloud Portal service](https://discovery-center.cloud.sap/serviceCatalog/cloud-portal-service):
```

```sh
cds add portal
```

::: tip `cds add portal` adds an _App Router_ configuration to your project
The App Router acts as a single point-of-entry gateway to route requests to.
In particular, it ensures user login and authentication in combination with XSUAA or IAS.
:::

> #### Option B: SAP BTP Application Frontend <Beta />

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we shouldn't flip these options, e.g. present AppFrontend as A and Portal as B.  AppFront is the go-to option, while Portal will become deprecated I guess.

For **single-tenant** applications, you can use the new [SAP BTP Application Frontend](https://help.sap.com/docs/application-frontend-service) service:

```sh
cds add app-frontend
```
[Enable the service for consumption in your subaccount](https://help.sap.com/docs/application-frontend-service/application-frontend-service/enabling-service?locale=en-US){.learn-more}

::: details Other deployment variants...

For **single-tenant** applications, you can integrate with SAP Build Work Zone, standard edition:

```sh
cds add workzone
```

This approach uses the **managed App Router** provided by SAP Fiori Launchpad&nbsp;—&nbsp;you don't need to deploy your own. Instead, destinations are configured.

<br>

You might also use a custom App Router setup without SAP BTP Cloud Portal service:

```sh
cds add approuter
```
[Learn more about the SAP BTP Application Router.](https://help.sap.com/products/BTP/65de2977205c403bbc107264b8eccf4b/01c5f9ba7d6847aaaf069d153b981b51.html?locale=en-US){.learn-more}
<br>
However, in this case, you need to create symlinks from your _app_ folders to make them visible to the deployed App Router.

> The [samples _modulith_](https://github.com/capire/samples) project uses this setup for serving a static _index.html_ consuming Vue.js via CDN.

Reviewer: Where exactly can this be found? [Here?](https://github.com/capire/samples/tree/main/.deploy/app-router/resources)

Author: Yes, exactly. I linked to the root as multiple files in different dirs are involved to get the entire picture. 

What do you think about https://github.com/capire/docs/pull/2287/commits/8fccfe4d7d0b0bbcb474322ef0435f19f47dcd6b? It adds a `.learn-more` link to symlink folder directly.

Reviewer: I think it's helpful even if I was able to find it ;)
Thanks!
